I wanna a don't do
I waanna don't do
(***)
What do we need to talk about?
You come
We had...
2.1 right?
Best manners is (***)from the....
So we have about 1.2 right now.
Plus AD 1.2 A
Then we'll have...
we have the pouch beside 18 boxes
(***)And that case of each
20 dollars in profit. we do
So we'll have about.
1.7
We have
The Panda Express fundraiser, hopefully that's around $100.
If we (***)
We have one March 10th
But I mean, I wouldn't say. Those makers ,They don't make big money anymore.
Yeah, not even... Like you need to have a lot of...
It has to be perfect..... situation.
Oh yeah.(***)
I mean,its states that's not much (***)the man can you more
I would say
Yeah
So mean,We need to give them a good heroes.(***)
No
Yeah
From March it's gonna (***) right
I mean
(***)
Yeah
So,okay
No, yeah I'm, I'm pretty certain they have no problems.
(***)
you
Yeah,That was a joke.After i
Yeah
I don't want to, but I feel like there's not many others.
source are said like fear
I feel like this was just a Smithsonian.
And then the(***)
Yeah
Okay
(***)
We can do its for which (***)perfect too
How it, With the families?
Ho yeah,(***)
Um...
In Washington
I would think...
Whitehall